# AI-Back-Propagation-Neural-Network-model-to-forecast-road-traffic-using-MATLAB.
I have data of forty points with 2 values for each year (for both traffic directions) over the period between 2000 and 2019 (Note: some years' data and missing, and no estimation is required for these missing data).  Use MATLAB for all data cleaning, to exclude unaccepted entries, if any; This should be applied to the "All Data" file which contained both direction traffic.  Advise on data clustering method; and/or use MATLAB regression to identify related data groups which is more likely to be based on the direction "Inbound" and "Outbound". Please provide the Correlation Coefficients value.   After the grouping there will be two scenarios: Scenario 1 for Inbound Road traffic / Scenario 2 for Outbound Road traffic.  Develop an Artificial Neural Network model that able to forecast the traffic volume for each specific year.  The BPNN model should be of multi-layer structure.  Apply "Dropout" technique to prevent over-reliance on certain data units.  Apply K-Fold Cross Validation technique by splitting the data into k-sets, and using each set as a test set and the rest of the data as training sets; This will produce k-1 model results.  Calculate the average error which represents the overall error needed to identify the overall accuracy.  Provide advantages and disadvantages list of the two obtained algorithms.  The provided model for each of the two scenarios should be able to be run on any other points' data within the same time period (using MATLAB), to provide the traffic volume related to the specific year (forecast of traffic based on year entry).  Please provide model documentations and variations.
